Previously on Raising Kanan...
In Chinese mythology.
there's a monster called Hundun.
A blind. deaf. faceless demon.
Hundun is chaos.
Evil.
Corrupting and polluting
all that it touches.
Raq hired some dirty police
to kill your friend.
What's most scary
about Hundun's true evil...
- We in business. Hafiz.
- Isn't what it does...
You gon' do what they won't?
Where is it?
But that it can't see itself.
Just 'cause you didn't see me
didn't mean I didn't see you.
It doesn't know that it's a monster.
Just like you.
We both got family. 'Nique.
I'm a street nigga
who do street nigga shit.
I'm ready to go back to war next to y'all.
If you want work. I got work for you.
Both of you get in the fuckin' car.
Come on. baby. It's gon' be all right.
Let's go. nigga.
But you need to step up
and take care of your daughter.
I know... You don't think I know that?
And I am worried you're gonna do
somethin' crazy about Famous.
Famous was my brother.
But he wouldn't want you
to fuck yourself up for him.
There's no world
where the murder of a cop
goes unanswered.
Squeeze hard on anyone you can.
I'm police.
She's safe with me.
They found the Jane Doe
in a stairwell over at Edgemere.
One of the tenants had said
that they saw
a Black woman leaving the apartment
where we think your friend
was murdered.
Call the police.
tell 'em some white boy
with tattoos came in here
and did all of that to these people.
Phil Russo and his fuckin' gang
of misfits in Jersey
think they can go toe-to-toe with me now.
I overstepped. and I apologize.
We look out for ours on this side.
You got the streets wired
with these bike niggas.
You and me join forces?
We want a bigger piece of the pie
out on Southside. Jamaica.
And we got our own supplier.
We bring together you and Unique
and then connect you with our nephew.
Niggas call me Breeze.
Word.
You don't know that it was Raq. Kanan.
If you ain't with me. you against me.
Why'd you kill Krystal?
I didn't kill your girlfriend.
I know you killed Fame too.
I'm done making excuses for you
and for me.
Tonight. I'ma do what I shoulda done.
I would never hurt you
like that. I love you.
Only person you ever loved is you.
That's why you killed 'em all.
D. Fame. Krystal...
even my own fuckin' father!
That's why I gotta do this right now.
So you can't take nobody else
away from me.
What'd you do?
What the fuck you just do?!
Lou.
Please.
Fuck. no!
Lou!
I'll call a ambulance.
Fuck you gonna tell 'em. Ruben?
Breathe. baby.
I love you. Lou.
I love you.
Go. Kanan.
Now!
Gonna clean this up.
We gotta go.
I wasn't gonna shoot Kanan.
I was just tryin' to get his attention.
What's done is done.
Shit don't even matter no more.
All that matter is that
you can't tell nobody
about what happened here tonight.
Not ever.
And I'm not just talkin' about police.
That shit go without sayin'.
Talkin' about your nearest
and fuckin' dearest. nigga.
Can't tell nobody.
That shit gotta go to the grave with you.
I'm sorry about it.
Yo. Ruben.
Let me hit you off
for this extra work tonight.
I'm good.
Nah.
Nah. this shit was above and beyond.
I ain't got regrets in my life.
I just got shit that's uncomfortable...
that don't ever go away.
I was calling you last night.
There was some wild shit
happening with Kanan.
but you weren't picking up.
I'm busy on some bullshit.
What's the word with your cousin?
He was on one about Aunt Raq.
Was going over there real angry.
I got worried.
Reached Uncle Lou.
He said he was gonna run through
and check on shit.
I ain't heard nothin' about any of that.
Been callin' Kanan and Uncle Lou. but...
neither one of 'em pickin' up.
That's you.
Police.
Marvin Thomas?
Is Louis Thomas your brother?
What you want?
Friends of Rilla's.
From the. studio.
Rilla know Lou Thomas. right?
Yeah. Shh.
Well. we just tryin' to track
him down on some business.
I've been lookin' for Bryan too. It's okay.
He was supposed to come through
and watch the baby.
We met up yesterday so I could
get some stuff from him.
but I ain't heard from him since.
Where'd y'all link?
Outside some raggedy-looking
mall on Merrick.
A'ight. Well. if you see Rilla
before we find him.
tell him Unique came callin'.
All right?
How y'all know Bryan again?
We don't.
But now we know you.
And we know where you
and your baby live.
I-I gotta go.
That mall's Raq's spot.
Tool the fuck up.
Is that your brother?
Is that him?
Yeah. that's Lou.
Was it him?
My God.
Hey. Good luck. captain.
See ya. captain.
About to head out.
You're gonna be missed.
By everyone.
You do this job long enough.
you gonna make a hell of a lot
more enemies than friends.
Just because they got me riding
out into the fucking sunset
doesn't mean that your work
is done. Garcia.
You wanna get
on the commissioner track.
find who put down Malcolm Howard.
I'm still pressing on the Thomas girl.
Yeah. Burke's old CI.
You need to dig deeper. Garcia.
I'd like to believe I did
more good than harm here.
But that's gonna be God's call.
Getting justice for Howard
would sure help my cause
at them pearly fuckin' gates.
though. Garcia.
Don't let me down.
Where the fuck is this nigga Lou?
I ain't sign up for this babysittin' bullshit.
Nigga. fuck this.
I'm telling you...
if you don't shut the fuck up.
I will kill you and that boy.
- No!
- Bitch.
Finally.
Yo. Lou. that you?
Yo. Lou.
You all right. baby?
They hurt you?
No. no. Just scared. that's all. Shit.
Well. you ain't gotta be scared no more
'cause I'm here. all right?
I got you.
I always got y'all.
Juke know?
She over at Kanan's. telling him.
You gon' want to reach out to him.
He gon' be all fucked up.
Police got thoughts on what happened?
Had to be this motherfucker 'Nique.
He dumped Lou.
Like he was a-a piece of trash.
Like he wasn't even a person.
'Nique must be out his fuckin' mind
comin' after us and Stefano like this.
Juke spoke to Lou.
He was on his way over here
to get in between some shit
you and Kanan was havin'.
He never got here.
And the thing with me and Kanan
wasn't nothin' but the usual drama.
Maybe Ruben saw something
when he was out front.
I ain't talked to him since last night.
I'll reach out.
You handlin' this
a whole lot better than me.
'Cause I'm ready to kill any nigga
who even breathe in my direction.
Shit.
I'm not handlin' anything.
Fuck you want me to do. Marvin?
You just told me that
our baby brother is gone.
I'm fucked up.
I just lost a piece of my fuckin' heart.
I'm just sayin'. you ain't...
you ain't cryin' or nothin'.
We all deal with this shit different.
Don't tell me how to hurt.
Where 'Nique people at?
Pernessa and that boy
is the only leverage
that we got right now.
Where they at?
You can't. Marvin.
I know you want to.
I do too. but you can't.
Tell me where the fuck they are. Raq.
They at the mall.
But you do this...
there ain't no turnin' back.
Lou gone.
Already ain't no turnin' back.
I called him.
Told him about you goin' to Raq's.
He said he was gonna go over there.
I never saw him.
All the fucked up shit this family into...
and I still can't believe he's gone.
You think I'd expect it.
or be ready for it.
or some shit.
but I guess I just thought...
for all our bullshit
that we was untouchable.
Nobody's untouchable.
Word.
How you settin' up. Breeze?
Southside ain't no different
from East New York.
Blocks change. work stay the same.
You just make sure you get yourself
a few safe spots out there.
Somewhere where you can post up
when shit gets perilous
'cause shit will get perilous. nephew.
I ain't heard from Kanan or Unique.
They'll come around.
Shit. they ain't got nowhere else to go.
Still don't understand why I gotta fuck
with this nigga Unique.
Kanan's a special case.
We know this.
But this other motherfucker
redundant as hell.
Why we need him when we got me?
He still got soldiers out on those streets.
We take him out. they gon' turn on us.
Gotta finesse this shit. Smooth it out.
Y'all finessin' when you bum-rushed
all them banks back in the day?
We ain't bum-rushed shit.
We come right through
the front fuckin' door. nigga.
Look. you gon' move this work
outta our old pawn shop
on Guy Brewer.
We got police on payroll
who know to leave that spot
the fuck alone.
And no side hustles
this time around. Breeze.
Your work is our work.
For old retired heads. y'all stay real busy.
Game needs us. nigga.
With Raq and Unique and all them
runnin' around like damn banshees.
we gotta ride in like the cavalry
and calm them the fuck down.
We got money on those streets.
We need to protect it.
You gon' make more money with me
than you ever would
with them other niggas.
Why half-step
when you can put
your whole foot up that ass?
Fuck!
Just heard about your uncle.
Trouble really does seem
to follow you and your family.
- Only shit following me is you.
- All right. All right.
I helped you out with that girl
we found in Edgemere.
now you need to help me.
I don't know nothin'
so I can't do shit for you.
When you were working with Burke.
did she ever say anything to you
about Howard and what he was into?
You really askin' me about what one cop
was sayin' about another cop?
Fuck outta here.
I wasn't workin' with Burke.
I ain't workin' wit' you neither.
I've been playing good cop
with you for a while. Laverne.
You're about to see bad cop.
Y'all the same to me.
You put down Lou Thomas?
'Cause that's gonna blow back
on me. man.
What the fuck I tell you?
I'm done with South Jamaica.
Well. maybe one of your peoples
took matters into they own hands
and dropped him behind your back then.
Anybody takes matters
into their own hands.
I cut their fuckin' hands off
one finger at a fuckin' time.
Look.
You're on your own from here on out.
I'm in a fight for my fuckin' life.
All due respect.
I ain't got time for your bullshit.
Carmine will show you out.
This is bullshit.
Tell Hafiz I have a schedule to keep to
and not to keep me waiting next time.
I have another date across town
in forty five minutes.
I need to talk to him.
I'll see if he's available.
I ain't gonna sugarcoat it.
We're in a fucked up spot. Hafiz.
We're gonna get out of it.
but for right now. shit's tough.
You assured me that your demand
would meet my supply.
And it will.
I just gotta get my ducks in a row.
But that ain't gon' take long.
I can promise you that.
In my country. we're defined
by the promises we make.
the vows we keep.
and the oaths we take.
Where I'm from. it is better to be dead
than to betray a promise.
Amber. we want you to know
that you're not in any danger
or in trouble.
We just wanna find out
what happened to the Lovetts.
Yeah. we're gonna keep you safe.
I told you. it was a white guy with tattoos.
But like these police officers said. Amber.
one of the neighbors
said they saw someone
who looked very different
from the person you described
run out of the house.
Yeah. they said they saw a Black man
leave the home after the gunshots.
It was a white guy with tattoos.
Why don't you tell me
again what you saw. Amber.
I was in the bedroom with the baby
and we heard a noise...
She's scared.
And she's lying.
Give me a week with her.
I think I can get her to open up.
She really likes this family she's with.
So if I tell her she won't
be able to stay with them
if she doesn't tell the truth.
she'll start talking.
This guy came in with a gun
and he was white and he had tattoos
and he started shooting everywhere.
Where were his tattoos?
All over.
His arms and his body.
Well. this is new information.
So his shirt was open
so you could see his body?
Fuck the West Coast.
We got Pete Rock.
Who the fuck they got?
Dre?
Whatever. man.
Yeah. whatever.
Whatever.
Fuck y'all doin'?
I can tell you what we ain't doin'.
Making that fuckin' money.
You ain't the only one. nigga.
That gonna change anytime soon?
'Cause I need to get paid.
Or I'm gonna need to get
into some other shit.
I heard this new guy.
Wheeze or Sneeze or some shit.
puttin' niggas on over out
that pawn shop on Guy Brewer.
Breeze.
Yeah. Him.
What he payin'?
Whatever it is.
gotta be better than what you givin'.
Just give me a day or two.
I'ma figure some shit out.
How many more times
I gotta rebuild this shit?
Fixing my fuckin' face cost way less
than replacing this fuckin' display case.
Greetings. brothers.
They a'ight.
Love what you've done with the place.
Chinese got they feng shui.
this right here my feng shit.
At least you ain't lost
your sense of humor.
It's all I got.
Appreciate you two comin' through.
Can we talk alone for a minute?
Lead the way.
Look. I ain't get as far as I have
by not being able
to read the fuckin' weather.
Without them Jersey dagos
looking out for me.
shit gettin' real dark and stormy out here.
Y'all was talkin' 'bout
a partnership of sorts.
That's a conversation I'm willing to have.
That's the right choice.
But you gonna need to talk
to our nephew first.
see if the Southside's
big enough for the both of you.
How's your dad doin'?
Fucked up.
Yeah. I bet you feelin' the same too.
I just don't want you to start thinking that
just 'cause all this bad stuff
keeps happening
that everything is bad.
So...
I should think everything good?
No.
None of it's good.
It's all horrible.
And...
I'm so. so sorry. Juke. but...
you shouldn't think things
are never gon' get better.
They will.
How you know that. Iesha?
How you know that what happened
to my uncle
ain't gon' happen to my father?
Or Kanan?
Or me?
Don't even say that out loud. Juke.
So I shouldn't say out loud
what's the most obvious shit
in the world?
All these people around me are dying.
Why wouldn't the same happen to me?
'Cause you not like them.
I am. though.
That's the thing.
That's what I keep trying to tell you.
Yeah!
You wanna get paid.
you gonna have to put
a nigga's head to bed.
I'm out. man. I'm done. He got it.
Like Breeze said. that ain't
how this shit work. son.
You only get that money when
you put this nigga on his back.
Yo. but he said he done.
Ain't about whether he done.
It's about whether I'm done.
Put him down...
or I put you down.
Yeah. it's like that. nigga.
Yeah!
Check out the champ. y'all!
We on some gladiator shit!
That's how we do!
Two niggas walk in...
only one walk out!
For all them smiles and charms.
this nigga right here the most
cold-blooded motherfucker
I ever known.
He don't give a fuck.
It's not safe no more. 'Nique.
Not for me.
Not for Jerome. Definitely not for you.
It is what it's always been. Pernessa.
Ain't nothin' changed.
All these rewards we got
come with risks.
Shit. you knew that
since you pushed up on me
in the seventh grade.
In the seventh grade.
we didn't have a child. 'Nique.
In seventh grade. nobody was
putting a gun to my head
and grabbing me up outta my home.
You get bigger. niggas get bolder.
All this time we been together.
I think you thought I was doin'
what you said
because the shit made sense.
'Cause I thought you was right.
'Nique. I been following you
because I fuckin' love you.
Not because I believe any of the bullshit
that come outta your mouth.
It's not about you and me anymore. baby.
It's about Jerome.
About giving him what we didn't have.
Fuck you think I'm doing. P?
All this for you and Jerome.
Stop it. No. it's not.
It's not. This is about you.
This is what you want.
'Cause I'd give up all this shit
right now for you to be with us.
You're what we want. 'Nique.
You're all we want.
I love you.
I always gon' love you.
But I'm a mother.
And mothers protect their sons.
Against everyone and everything.
Even they own daddies.
Still trying to figure out
what shit might look like
if you and me linked.
Ain't much to figure.
We join our crews and expand your shit.
Ain't just gon' be about
bikes for you no more.
You gonna have corners.
buildings. and territories.
You was a business before...
now you a corporation.
I still don't get why me. though.
Snaps and Pop talkin' 'bout legacy
and history with DefCon and all that.
This about money.
It's always about money.
You a earner. my nigga.
Tried and true.
And yeah. you-you got a pedigree
which mean more than you think.
That hustler DNA is real.
At least it is to me.
What about the competition out here?
Ain't no competition.
Your moms is out the game.
We got this whole shit wired and workin'.
Snaps. Pop. and the Italians.
they all down wit' us.
All we missin' is you. brother.
So what you think?
Ready to run the table on the Southside?
Doc says if my cock wasn't so big
I'd be dead right now.
Fuckin' knife nicked it on the way in
and saved my liver.
Christ.
I must have been really close to dead
'cause that wasn't that funny.
Now. look.
I know you all got.
questions as to what I was doing
meeting with Phil Russo alone.
And those are legitimate concerns.
But they're for another time.
Because as much as this is about me.
it's not about me at all.
I mean. this...
this thing of ours...
it's far bigger than me and you...
and certainly Phil fuckin' Russo.
That's why I want his head
on a fuckin' pike.
I want everyone who's come before
and all our friends
who come after to know
that when our code was threatened
by this piece of shit.
that we hit back
in the strongest and clearest terms.
And if it starts a war.
so be it.
'Cause this will be a just war. my friends.
A righteous...
fuckin' war.
A war for everything we believe in and...
and stand for.
'Cause we are nothing
if not men of honor
and character and commitment.
Let Phil Russo's fuckin' blood
be a testament to that.
Wish you'd come wit' us.
I can't do that.
You can do whatever you want. 'Nique.
I'ma get my shit in order here
and then I'ma come see y'all.
Look. I know you may not
always believe me.
but you still believe in me. right?
Always.
You should get goin' before it get dark.
Okay. I'll call you when we get up there.
Gonna see you soon. J. a'ight?
I held
Louis Thomas in my arms
the day he was born.
I went to the hospital
to pray with his parents.
Joyce and Elijah.
Joyce handed him to me
and told me to ask God
to take care of him.
And I did.
And yet. here we are.
laying Louis to rest far. far. far too soon.
And we have to ask God. why?
Why have you forsaken Louis?
And why have you ignored our prayers?
And yet. it is our prayers
and God's love for the Thomas family
that has brought Lou into God's arms.
You gotta make sure they get
re-upped over on Archer.
They ran out yesterday.
That's loot we lost that ain't comin' back.
You fuck up that supply chain...
you fuckin' up everything. Taz.
You really 'bout to give
that kid corners and all that?
Worry about your business.
Not his. nigga.
Hey. yo. man.
I'm in the market for one
of them dookie chains.
What y'all niggas got?
If we don't have what you want...
just point out the nigga who do
and we'll tax that fool.
Kadeem mufuckin' Mathis in the house.
Only police and my mama call me that...
I know you ain't my mama.
If I am police...
you're under arrest. nigga.
for stealin' my style.
Can't be stealin'
when I had that shit first.
Yo. Taz.
Might have met my match right here.
Nah. I'm unmatched. my nigga.
If you don't know.
you better ask somebody.
Been expecting you. my brother.
Have a seat. Let's talk.
I know we in a church.
And when you here. it's about...
forgiveness and-and all that...
but I won't never forgive
whoever did this to my brother.
Pastor Evans. you said you-you pray...
pray to protect Lou.
But you also gonna need to pray...
for the motherfucker who did this to him
'cause he gon' meet me
before he meet God.
Marvin...
I- I know.
I know. I-I-I'm sorry.
I'm...
a nigga hurtin' right now.
And I know my pain ain't any worse
than the hurt other people feel
who been through the same shit.
But I'm not them.
I'm Marvin Thomas.
Lou-Lou's big brother.
And this shit too much for me.
Yo...
Fuck it. I...
I can't do this.
You need to know that this shit right here
ain't the only opportunity I'm considering.
I got options.
Just tryin' to figure out
which one is... best for me.
Let me be clear. brother.
I ain't tryin' to sell you on shit.
Snaps and Pop feel like
there's a lane for us to link
and do some big things
on the Southside.
I agree with 'em. by the way.
But I respect you too much
to try to twist your arm.
I'm sure you aware that
I been beefin' with Raq Thomas.
and that shit been gettin'
extra hot recently.
I'm very aware.
For the record...
I ain't had shit to do with
Lou Thomas gettin' put down.
The nigga snatched up my family.
so given the chance
I woulda dropped him.
But it wasn't me.
Point is. Raq and hers
gon' be gunnin' for me
over some shit I didn't do.
and I know you might be fuckin'
with Kanan Stark.
It's not a concern.
I met with Kanan.
He ain't even bring up his uncle.
Kanan only thinkin' 'bout this business.
So how would this shit
work between us?
We all got dreams of what we gonna do.
who we gon' be.
Those dreams are not just about us.
They about you
and everyone around you.
So when you lose someone.
you lose a part of yourself.
Part of your dream.
You lose what might a happened. or...
coulda happened. or...
shoulda happened
for the person who gone.
We don't know what kind of music
Lou coulda made.
And we're never gonna find out
what kind of man
he coulda been to his woman.
And we're never gonna see
what kind of father Lou-Lou coulda been.
All that's gone.
All those things and people...
they not never gonna happen now.
When we lost Lou...
we lost those dreams.
We lost everything.
Don't have to be complicated.
We link our operations.
we grow this shit out.
Beauty is that the more work we move.
the deeper the discount
from the connect.
the more money we make.
Who's Snaps and Pop
gettin' all this product from?
That ain't our concern. brother.
As long as the price is right. we good.
So you and I will be partners. right?
Ain't like I'm workin' for you. or...
you workin' for me.
Partnership mean...
ain't no reason to start no shit.
You okay?
I'm not.
Me neither.
I'm so sorry. Marvin.
I don't even know what else to say.
You said it all when you
said that. though. Shirley.
Kanan.
Haven't heard from you this whole time.
And as usual. I clean up your mess
and you don't even look back.
Ain't nothin' to look back at.
It's over. Kanan.
You and me.
This whole shit we been doin'.
I'm washing my hands of all of it.
You on your own.
You and me. we don't mean
nothin' to each other no more.
Okay.
My heart too broke to ever
be put back together again.
You expecting me to say I give a fuck?
I don't.
You ain't never had a enemy
like me. Kanan.
I've had you as a enemy
my whole fuckin' life.
Niggas always tryin' to fix shit
after they break it.
But some shit can't never be fixed.
Especially when you the shit
that's broken.